At what age should children start using simple sentences?
What's the link between language and programming in the brain
What is the similarity between learning a natural language and learning a programming language?
What is the similarity between a natural languages and programming languages?
How do gender articles affect cognition?
Is it unavoidable that regularly using a foreign language will influence our native language?
Why do bilingual stroke patients sometimes recover only one language?
Why do some languages have a writing system that closely represents the way the language is actually spoken while other languages have a less clear writing system?
How do people develop the different skills necessary for language acquisition, and in which order and why?
Homophones – what are they and why do they exist at all?
How does dyslexia arise?
Do signers from different language backgrounds understand each other’s signs?
Is body language universal?
Is there a language gene that other species do not have?
Is there a quick method to build my English vocabulary?
Do languages tend to become more similar over time or do they become more different?
What do researchers mean when they talk about "maternal language"?
As devices get closer to imitating human brain activity, will we get to the point that implants (brain or otherwise) will enable voiceless communication?
What is the difference between surface and deep layer in language?
Why do we cry out 'ouch' when we're in pain?
What is body language?
Why do we need orthography?
Why is English the universal language?
What was language like in the very beginning?
How does manipulating through language work?
What is the connection between movement and language?
How do we form the sounds of speech?
What is the difference between sleep-talking and talking while awake?
Do people who grow up speaking more than one language use more brain area for language processing? And, does the brain use more resources especially for languages of different structures?
When should a child learn a second language?
Is it true that people who are good at music can learn a language sooner?
Why can't apes speak?
To what extent is language used by other animals?
Is there a gene, or genes, that make some people better speakers, or learners?
Will we all speak English one day?
